Add links to the readiness checks page (#1707)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/secure-connections/sauce-connect/proxy-tunnels.md

Look for the **Active Tunnel** confirmation.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/sauce-connect/tunnelsuccess-ui.png')} alt="Sauce Connect Tunnel Success" width="500"/>

> #### Programatically Checking for Tunnel Readiness
> 
> There are several ways of automatically checking for [tunnel readiness](/secure-connections/sauce-connect/setup-configuration/ci-cd-integration/readiness-checks).

Reviewer: The 2 methods under Manual Testing (SC client and log file) in /secure-connections/sauce-connect/setup-configuration/readiness-checks/#manual-testing are already included in this section -- we could change the heading to link to the readiness check methods under CI/CD Testing.
```suggestion
#### CI/CD System

If you're starting ephemeral tunnels from a CI/CD system, there are multiple ways to automatically check for [tunnel readiness](/secure-connections/sauce-connect/setup-configuration/readiness-checks/#cicd-testing).
```

./sc -u $SAUCE_USERNAME -k $SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY -r us-west --tunnel-name $TUNNEL_NAME
```

> 4. Wait until the tunnel is ready using one of the options for [readiness checks](/secure-connections/sauce-connect/setup-configuration/ci-cd-integration/readiness-checks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Wait until the tunnel is ready. To verify that your tunnel is up and running, you can use one of the options in [Sauce Connect Proxy Readiness Checks](/secure-connections/sauce-connect/setup-configuration/readiness-checks).
```
